Added software challenge topic (#3176)
github/explore: topics/software-challenge/index.md

---

> aliases: sc, softwarechallenge
> display_name: Software Challenge
> github_url: https://github.com/software-challenge
> logo: software-challenge.png
> released: 2004
> short_description: Programming competition for students, held by the CAU Kiel and FH Wedel.
> topic: software-challenge

Reviewer: I think there are a couple of conflicts that could arise with a generic name like this. If we change the main topic to `software-challenge-de` that would solve them for me. Also, the alias `sc` is far too broad to apply here.

Note: with a topic name change, you will have to update the directory name as well.

```suggestion
aliases: softwarechallengede
display_name: Software Challenge
github_url: https://github.com/software-challenge
logo: software-challenge.png
released: 2004
short_description: Programming competition for students, held by the CAU Kiel and FH Wedel.
topic: software-challenge-de
```
